hey what's up you guys it's me lisa
schwartz and welcome to another episode
of girly gay me it's that time the week
where I play the games that you guys
asked me to play and then subsequently I
do really shitty at them and then we all
laugh and talk about how silly I am and
then I cry and eat lots of chips so
let's get down to business flowers of
Maddie's hair suggested that I play
geometry dash as if I usually don't look
stupid enough why not play a math game I
know this blonde might be fake on the
outside but it's real on the inside
let's play so far I'm jamming out loving
this game but if you think I'm gonna
spend money to buy the whole version you
are crazy am i right high fived all my
cheap friends out there oh fuck me okay
wait what okay all right hold on it's
just taking me a second to figure out
what's happening it's not that I'm bad
at this fuck it's just that it's taking
me a second all right then mmm I like
this game though and i like it i mean i
kind of like it oh it's like a dance
feel like I'm out a race you know cuz
I've been to a wife who's before Shh yes
yes here we go oh oh yeah now give it to
me oh shit five six seven cut it down
dad dumb ah shit this video is just
gonna be me singing and then cussing I
like this though oh now is this geometry
or is this just like pure rhythm and
left because clearly I ain't got either
I was just about to say guys you got a
bit i'm not that bad at this and then I
died haha totally admit that I'm mad at
this but this thing is like I didn't
play video games growing up and so it's
not my nature to know how to play them
and if you like some of you guys grew up
playing them and bring up with a
computer and gadgets and stuff and so it
more naturally to you I don't know I
just made it up to do make myself feel
better about myself all right all right
atem 25 you know if at first you don't
succeed try 26 times you think I would
have gotten the hang of it by now but oh
no I just like to beat this dead horse
over and over again just like how I
asked Shane to put the toilet seat down
he's never going to do it but I will
continue to ask you know I feel like if
I was wearing like spandex or something
glittery or like kind of cool for this
dance club that we've obviously entered
then I would do a lot better at it but
because I'm dressed like a lesbian
hillbilly I just not doing very well I'm
gonna blame it on this outfit this is
pathetic how often did it or how long do
they let you do this for oh this is
insane temp a temp 40 seems like my time
to win and by 40 I definitely need 41
are we having fun watching me fail yet I
want to watch what you guys play this
has any other YouTube has done this I'm
sure pinkie pie has I buddies gotten to
yet you know what oh my god I can't
believe I just thought of this maybe I
should start watching other people play
video games and then I could get good at
it because then I would essentially
understand what the fuck's happening cuz
in theory I have no idea what's
happening i just see these mountainous
boobs coming at me and then i just press
but maybe if I was like oh ha i watch
the video games all the time I know how
this shit works and then I talk in a
PewDiePie accent that's how I talks
right hug that's just insulting all
right at ten fifty it is let's give us a
go maybe if we just like don't get stuck
like I'm give no fucks I'm getting a
bugs I don't care mhmmm you don't scare
me at least I got further I got further
that time and I think you guys need to
give me a round of applause so in the
comments below besides me let me know
which youtuber you like to watch to play
video games maybe someone that's super
awesome that I can learn from like a
pewdiepie is there a girl version of the
PewDiePie I mean clearly I am
all so bad at this but I love it and I
love you guys and thanks for encouraging
me to keep on going if there's one less
if I could give to you it's don't play
video games they're really really hard
also in the comments let me know what
you guys want me to play next week and
your comment might just pop up right
here or here or here depending on where
i decide to put it that's what she said
thanks someone to watch you guys you're
cute and I'll see you next time I mean
if I can't be good at playing video
games I should at least attempt to be a
good singer yeah I just don't care
because here's the thing what's worse
case scenario you cheat on me ok dubai
dubai yeah like shana